docs/builders/built-in/GCoffeeScriptBuilder.md, before:

---
layout: docs
---

# GCoffeeScriptBuilder
CoffeeScript builder. Compiles coffeescript files into javascript.

#### Builder specific Options
  - *conf.buildOptions.sourceMap* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, sourceMap files are generated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.lint* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, linter is activated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.minify* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, *.min.js files are generated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.minifyOnly* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, *.min.js files are generated but non-minified files are not created.


#### Example
```javascript
const srcRoot = 'assets';
const destRoot = '_build';

const coffeeScript = {
  buildName: 'coffeeScript',
  builder: 'GCoffeeScriptBuilder',
  src: [upath.join(srcRoot, 'scripts/coffee/**/*.coffee')],

  // use order property to set outFile orders
  order: ['*main.coffee'],
  dest: upath.join(destRoot, 'js'),
  outFile: 'sample.js',
  buildOptions: {
    lint: true,
    // minify: true,
    minifyOnly:true,
    sourceMap: true
  },
};
```

Commit message:

Add outFileOnly option to buildOptions
Fix missing sourceMaps() call in GPlugin.concat() and CSSPlugin

Fix minify and outFile errors on GCoffeeScriptBuilder, GJavaScriptBuilder, GCSSBuilder

Add pushStream() and popStream()to GBuilder

docs/builders/built-in/GCoffeeScriptBuilder.md, after:

---
layout: docs
---

# GCoffeeScriptBuilder
CoffeeScript builder. Compiles coffeescript files into javascript.

#### Builder specific Options
  - *conf.buildOptions.sourceMap* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, sourceMap files are generated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.lint* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, linter is activated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.minify* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, *.min.js files are generated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.minifyOnly* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, *.min.js files are generated but non-minified files are not created.
  - *conf.buildOptions.outFileOnly* (<i>type:boolean, default:*true*</i>)<br>
    If set to false, each transpiled files are generated before concatenation.<br>
    This option is valid only when conf.outFile is set.


#### Example
```javascript
const srcRoot = 'assets';
const destRoot = '_build';

const coffeeScript = {
  buildName: 'coffeeScript',
  builder: 'GCoffeeScriptBuilder',
  src: [upath.join(srcRoot, 'scripts/coffee/**/*.coffee')],

  // use order property to set outFile orders
  order: ['*main.coffee'],
  dest: upath.join(destRoot, 'js'),
  outFile: 'sample.js',
  buildOptions: {
    lint: true,
    // minify: true,
    minifyOnly:true,
    sourceMap: true
  },
};
```
