docs/builders/built-in/GTypeScriptBuilder.md, before:

---
layout: docs
---

# GTypeScruptBuilder
CSS builder. sass/scss/less and postcss are suported. You can use postcss together with sass/scss/less.

#### Builder specific Options
  - *conf.buildOptions.sourceMap* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, sourceMap files are generated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.lint* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, linter is activated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.minify* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, *.min.js files are generated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.minifyOnly* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, *.min.js files are generated but non-minified files are not created.
  - *conf.buildOptions.babel* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, babel is enabled so that you can use es6 features.
  - *conf.buildOptions.printConfig* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, evaluated TypeScript options(tsconfig) will be printed.

### Notes
  - If conf.outFile is set, it will override the outFile setting of tsconfig.json
  - If conf.outFile and conf.dest is set, conf.dest will override the outDir setting of tsconfig.json
  - buildOptions.outFileOnly option is not supported. TypeScript compiler always generates outFile only, and if non-concatenated each individual files need to be generated, create another build configuration without outFile option. 

#### Example
```javascript
const typeScript = {
  buildName: 'typeScript',
  builder: 'GTypeScriptBuilder',
  src: [upath.join(srcRoot, 'scripts/ts/**/!(*.d).ts')],

  // use order property to set outFile orders
  order: ['*ts-2.ts'],
  dest: (file) => file.base,
  outFile: upath.join(destRoot, 'js/sample-ts.js'),
  buildOptions: {
    sourceMap: true,
    minify: true,
    // You can specify tsconfig.json file here. To create a default one, run 'tsc -init'
    tsConfig: upath.join(srcRoot, 'scripts/tsconfig.json'),
    printConfig: true
  },
  moduleOptions: {
    // this will override the tsConfig settings in buildOptions
    typescript: {
      "outFile": "sample-ts.js",
      "outDir": upath.resolve(destRoot, 'js'),
      "declarationDir": upath.resolve(destRoot, '@types'),
      "target": "es5",
      "module": "none",
      "noImplicitAny": true,
      "noEmitOnError": true
    }
  },
};
```

Commit message:

Add buildConfig.declarationMap option to GTypeScriptBuilder which overrides tsConfig file or moduleOptions.tsConfig (Workaround for gulp-typescript createProject() function which sets declarationMap to true always)

docs/builders/built-in/GTypeScriptBuilder.md, after:

---
layout: docs
---

# GTypeScruptBuilder
CSS builder. sass/scss/less and postcss are suported. You can use postcss together with sass/scss/less.

#### Builder specific Options
  - *conf.buildOptions.sourceMap* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, sourceMap files are generated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.declarationeMap* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, sourceMap for declaration files are generated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.lint* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, linter is activated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.minify* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, *.min.js files are generated.
  - *conf.buildOptions.minifyOnly* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, *.min.js files are generated but non-minified files are not created.
  - *conf.buildOptions.babel* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, babel is enabled so that you can use es6 features.
  - *conf.buildOptions.printConfig* (<i>type:boolean, default:false</i>)<br>
    If set to true, evaluated TypeScript options(tsconfig) will be printed.

### Notes
  - If conf.outFile is set, it will override the outFile setting of tsconfig.json
  - If conf.outFile and conf.dest is set, conf.dest will override the outDir setting of tsconfig.json
  - buildOptions.outFileOnly option is not supported. TypeScript compiler always generates outFile only, and if non-concatenated each individual files need to be generated, create another build configuration without outFile option. 

#### Example
```javascript
const typeScript = {
  buildName: 'typeScript',
  builder: 'GTypeScriptBuilder',
  src: [upath.join(srcRoot, 'scripts/ts/**/!(*.d).ts')],

  // use order property to set outFile orders
  order: ['*ts-2.ts'],
  dest: (file) => file.base,
  outFile: upath.join(destRoot, 'js/sample-ts.js'),
  buildOptions: {
    sourceMap: true,
    minify: true,
    // You can specify tsconfig.json file here. To create a default one, run 'tsc -init'
    tsConfig: upath.join(srcRoot, 'scripts/tsconfig.json'),
    printConfig: true
  },
  moduleOptions: {
    // this will override the tsConfig settings in buildOptions
    typescript: {
      "outFile": "sample-ts.js",
      "outDir": upath.resolve(destRoot, 'js'),
      "declarationDir": upath.resolve(destRoot, '@types'),
      "target": "es5",
      "module": "none",
      "noImplicitAny": true,
      "noEmitOnError": true
    }
  },
};
```
