docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: docs
title: Gulp Build Manager
frontpage: true
---
# Introduction
Gulp Build Manager is an easy to use, flexible gulp task manager. It helps users create gulp tasks with simple configuration providing the convenience of configuration and the flexibility of javascript in setting up the tasks.


### Peer dependencies
Gulp 4.0 is required as a peer dependency of gbm. Currently, it not officially released in npm repository, but can be installed from [Github](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp/tree/4.0):

```bash
npm install gulpjs/gulp#4.0 --save-dev
# or
yarn add gulpjs/gulp#4.0 --dev
```

### Quick Start
Creating gulp task is simple and easy.

```javascript
const gbm = require('gulp-build-manager');

const javaScript = {
  buildName: 'javaScript',
  builder: 'GJavaScriptBuilder',
  src: ['assets/scripts/js/**/*.js'],
  dest: '_build/js',
  outFile: 'sample.js',
  buildOptions: {
    minify: true,
    sourceMap: true
  },
};

gbm({
  systemBuilds: {
    build: javaScript,
    clean: ['_build'],
    default: ['@clean', '@build'],
  }
});
```

### Modular Configuration
For *modular configuration* to handle complex project, refer to [modular configuration][2] section in documentation.<br>

### Resources
To learn more, check out the resources below. You are recommended to see the examples which shows various usage and practices that can be applied to your work quickly.
 
- [Documentation][0]{:target="_blank"}
- [Examples][1]{:target="_blank"}

[0]: {{site.url}}
[1]: {{site.repo}}/examples
[2]: {{site.url}}/resources/modular-configuration

Commit message:

Change gulp 4.0 dependency from github to npm (npm i gulp@next)
Remove description on yarn from docs

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: docs
title: Gulp Build Manager
frontpage: true
---
# Introduction
Gulp Build Manager is an easy to use, flexible gulp task manager. It helps users create gulp tasks with simple configuration providing the convenience of configuration and the flexibility of javascript in setting up the tasks.


### Peer dependencies
gbm requires gulp 4.0 or higher. To install it, follow the guidelines in [gulpjs](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp){:target=_blank}:

```bash
npm install gulpjs@next --save-dev  # gulp v4.0.0
# or
npm install gulpjs/gulp#4.0 --save-dev  # latest from github:gulp 4.0 branch
```

### Quick Start
Creating gulp task is simple and easy.

```javascript
const gbm = require('gulp-build-manager');

const javaScript = {
  buildName: 'javaScript',
  builder: 'GJavaScriptBuilder',
  src: ['assets/scripts/js/**/*.js'],
  dest: '_build/js',
  outFile: 'sample.js',
  buildOptions: {
    minify: true,
    sourceMap: true
  },
};

gbm({
  systemBuilds: {
    build: javaScript,
    clean: ['_build'],
    default: ['@clean', '@build'],
  }
});
```

### Modular Configuration
For *modular configuration* to handle complex project, refer to [modular configuration][2] section in documentation.<br>

### Resources
To learn more, check out the resources below. You are recommended to see the examples which shows various usage and practices that can be applied to your work quickly.
 
- [Documentation][0]{:target="_blank"}
- [Examples][1]{:target="_blank"}

[0]: {{site.url}}
[1]: {{site.repo}}/examples
[2]: {{site.url}}/resources/modular-configuration
